we have something fun for you tonight on
Halloween night I issued one of our now
famous YouTube challenges is where I'll
ask our viewers to videotape themselves
pulling a prank on their loved ones and
posted to YouTube
well last Halloween we got a great
response when we asked parents to
pretend they ate their children's
Halloween candy that video has almost 34
million views now so we decided to do it
again this year over the past two days
parents have been uploading video titled
hey Jimmy Kimmel I told my kid I ate all
their Halloween candy again we got a lot
of responses we get a lot of responses
and we whittled them down and now once
again I say in advance sorry kids I have
to tell you something last night when
you were in bed daddy and I ate all your
candy yes
[Music]
okay I got a I have another confession
to make I was just I eat all of your
candy nothing no we ate all your
Halloween candy you forgive me yeah
Thank You babies I love you Hey look you
do I kind of ate all your Halloween
candy
[Applause]
[Music]
okay I'll take you to the store you can
pick out whatever candy you want
mommy ate all your candy mommy was jimmy
kimmel told me to do it hi Anna
can you say hi to Larry Kimmel don't you
want to share anybody guess what I'm
just kidding I didn't actually you candy
[Applause]
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Applause]
[Music]
but it's gone I'm so sorry guys I'm
sorry Sierra for eating all your candy I
ate it ain't mad at me you soon yeah the
next Halloween
[Applause]
sometimes you took industries